I love that you listen, man. I make friends, I make friends on set. Do it.
That's what it is.
There's like 10 of us on set doing this movie and I make friends and that's it.
And that's that dude, you got to make friends where you go, right?
You gotta make friends where you go. And I make friends where I go now,
do I always make friends with the most foreign person in the vicinity?
Yes. Do I do that my whole life? Yes. Why do I do that? I don't know.
Do I like people who seem different? Yes.
Was my mom always upset about it when I was growing up in high school,
because you can never be friends with those people's moms because they only
spoke Russian. Yes.
But did that stop me from being friends with IDAs Matin?
Ma I just Mattis and Morgan Ozaki and another guy named I think Robert,
I forget. No it didn't.
Um, so I, you know, I think I just, as a doctor now,
by the way, um, uh, so,
uh, yeah, so I, I,
I made friends with this really famous guy in Germany whose name's Mathias
slows and burger or some never really asked him his last name.
I'm not going to do it though. Dude. I,
why do I need to know somebody's last name? If I stare at them every day,
I'll just call him Mathias, dude. He's the nicest man. I love this guy.
He looks 14 and he's 38 and he's in the movie.
And he said,
literally the cutest thing to me that I've ever heard in my entire life,
in the world, in my entire life. I'm 39, never heard something cuter. He said,
Chris, um, I would love I, um, my English,
I cannot, um, wait, what'd he say perfectly? I want to say it.
I want to say it right. He said, uh, um,
my English is not that good. So when you tell jokes,
I want to joke back with you. Um, but um,
sometimes it takes a little bit of thinking, so I don't know how to say, um,
what I want to say. So hopefully in two, one or two years,
um, I will, my English will be much better and I will be able to joke with you.
Um, I will be able to joke with you then
[inaudible] the most German ever. And it was cute.
And that was when I fell in love with a dude.
Hopefully in two years I will be able to learn more English and then joke. Ah,
he's the nicest man. He's my new best friend. Um,
show us show shows. [inaudible] that's what it is.
There you go. Shay coffer. Um,
uh, so yeah. Oh, and also he said we were at a place eating food,
a bunch of us. And he was like, um, and he was like, uh,
he said he was looking at the sandwich and he said, Oh, what is, uh,
is [inaudible]? And I said, ah, dude,
he said, literature, well,
what is the [inaudible]? And I said, they, you mean the lettuce, uh,
Stanley Tucci
, you know, dude, I love the guy, man. He's my friend. There's nothing you
can do about it. Um,
lit to cheat dude loved it. And he said, but it should be [inaudible]
. And I was like, you know what, bro? You're right. You're right. So that's what it is. It's
[inaudible]
from now on dude, I'd like a Turkey sandwich with some mayonnaise,
onion and some cheese and some [inaudible] and some whole grain bread.
Um, so anyway, do it. Um, he's great. Yeah,
but he's so famous in Germany and it's crazy. Um,
so it's like now we're friends,
we've got the most famous person in Germany and the most famous person in
America, chillin, you know what I mean? Him and me.